Update EIP-3085: Move to draft (#6323)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-3085.md

> title: Wallet Add Ethereum Chain RPC Method (`wallet_addEthereumChain`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: `wallet_addEthereumChain` RPC Method
description: An RPC method for adding Ethereum chains to wallet applications.
```
